# verovio-svg-parser
Tool that takes in an SVG generated by Verovio, and produces information about the bounding boxes of individual musical elements.

## Background

This was a script I wrote as part of a larger project to create a sheet music editing application.  I needed more functionality to work
with the sheet music than what the Verovio open source library allowed, and so I used this script to parse the SVG it produced to give
me more information to work with.  It enabled highlighting individual elements, selecting groups, and referencing each element by ID,
with a positional x-y lookup.  It was a game changer in the first phase of our development.

However, we found that there were other areas that Verovio fell short of our needs and so we migrated to other tools.  But this script
took so long to write, and provides such a general utility for those working with the Verovio library, that I decided to put this into
its own repo so make it available for anyone else who could use the utility.

## Methods

The class is called HitboxManager.

To read in data about an SVG file, call HitboxManager.initHiboxes(), and pass in the svg file's text

To get the elementId of the element at a specific (x,y) point, use HitboxManager.getElementId()

To get the groupId of an element group (chord, etc) at a specific (x,y), use HitboxManager.getElementGroupId()

To get the bounds of the group that covers a point, use HitboxManager.getElementGroupBounds()

To get a list of the elementIds of all elements in the group at a position, use HitboxManager.getAllChildrenAtGroupPos()

## Questions?

It's no secret that the documentation on this tool is... lacking.  I may come back and improve it if I get time, but I don't currently.
If you have any questions about the tool, it's capabilities, or any bugs, feel free to email me and I'll try to get back to you as
soon as I can.

Matthew Williams
mbwilliams226@gmail.com
